<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html SYSTEM "about:legacy-compat">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:pu="http://schema.phpunit.de/coverage/1.0" lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>phpDox - tvorwachs\ClouDNS\Api\RecordsApi::modifyRecord</title>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../css/style.css" media="screen"/>
    <meta http-equiv="content-type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <nav class="topnav">
      <ul>
        <li>
          <div class="logo"><span>/**</span>phpDox</div>
        </li>
        <li class="separator">
          <a href="../../index.xhtml">Overview</a>
        </li>
        <li class="separator">
          <a href="../../namespaces.xhtml">Namespaces</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../../classes.xhtml">Classes</a>
        </li>
        <li class="separator">
          <a href="../../source/index.xhtml">Source</a>
        </li>
      </ul>
    </nav>
    <div id="mainstage">
      <div class="box">
        <ul class="breadcrumb">
          <li>
            <a href="../../index.xhtml">Overview</a>
          </li>
          <li class="separator">
            <a href="../../classes.xhtml">Classes</a>
          </li>
          <li class="separator">
            <a href="../../classes.xhtml#tvorwachs_ClouDNS_Api">tvorwachs\ClouDNS\Api</a>
          </li>
          <li class="separator">
            <a title="tvorwachs\ClouDNS\Api\RecordsApi" href="../../classes/tvorwachs_ClouDNS_Api_RecordsApi.xhtml">RecordsApi</a>
          </li>
          <li class="separator">modifyRecord</li>
        </ul>
      </div>
      <nav class="box">
        <ul>
          <li>
            <a href="#introduction">Introduction</a>
          </li>
          <li>
            <a href="#synopsis">Synopsis</a>
          </li>
          <li>
            <a href="#parameter">Parameter</a>
          </li>
          <li>
            <a href="#return">Return</a>
          </li>
          <li>
            <a href="../../source/Api/RecordsApi.php.xhtml#line119">Source</a>
          </li>
        </ul>
      </nav>
      <section>
        <h1><small>tvorwachs\ClouDNS\Api\RecordsApi::</small>modifyRecord</h1>
        <h4>Modify record in domain zone.</h4>
        <p>Note: This function is available only for master zones. Works with reverse zones too. With this function you can't modify the record type.</p>
        <ul/>
        <h2 id="signature">Signature</h2>
        <div class="styled synopsis">
          <code>public function modifyRecord(string
        $domain,
            integer
        $recordId,
            string
        $host,
            string
        $record,
            integer
        $ttl,
            [array
        $options = ] )
            </code>
        </div>
        <h2 id="parameterlist">Parameters</h2>
        <dl class="styled">
          <dt><code>$domain</code>
                —
                string</dt>
          <dd/>
          <dt><code>$recordId</code>
                —
                integer</dt>
          <dd/>
          <dt><code>$host</code>
                —
                string</dt>
          <dd/>
          <dt><code>$record</code>
                —
                string</dt>
          <dd/>
          <dt><code>$ttl</code>
                —
                integer</dt>
          <dd/>
          <dt><code>$options</code>
                —
                array</dt>
          <dd><br/>More Options ($options-Array):<br/>priority - Integer - Priority for MX or SRV record<br/>weight - Integer - Weight for SRV record<br/>port - Integer - Port for SRV record<br/>frame - Integer - 0 or 1 for Web redirects to disable or enable frame<br/>frame-title - String - Title if frame is enabled in Web redirects<br/>frame-keywords - String - Keywords if frame is enabled in Web redirects<br/>frame-description - String - Description if frame is enabled in Web redirects<br/>save-path - Integer - 0 or 1 for Web redirects<br/>redirect-type - Integer - 301 or 302 for Web redirects if frame is disabled<br/>mail - Integer - E-mail address for RP records<br/>txt - Integer - Domain name for TXT record used in RP records<br/>algorithm - Integer - Algorithm used to create the SSHFP fingerprint. Required for SSHFP records only.<br/>fptype - Integer - Type of the SSHFP algorithm. Required for SSHFP records only.<br/>geodns-location - Integer - ID of a GeoDNS location for A, AAAA or CNAME record. The GeoDNS locations can be obtained with List GeoDNS locations<br/>caa_flag - Integer - 0 - Non critical or 128 - Critical<br/>caa_type - String - Type of CAA record. The available flags are issue, issuewild, iodef.<br/>caa_value - String - If caa_type is issue, caa_value can be hostname or ";". If caa_type is issuewild, it can be hostname or ";". If caa_type is iodef, it can be "mailto:someemail@address.tld, http://example.tld or http://example.tld.</dd>
        </dl>
        <h2 id="return">Returns</h2>
        <dl class="styled">
          <dt>array</dt>
          <dd/>
        </dl>
      </section>
    </div>
    <footer>
      <span>Generated using phpDox 0.9.0 - Copyright (C) 2010 - 2017 by Arne Blankerts</span>
    </footer>
  </body>
</html>
